## ✅ Goals for Today 
- [ ] DSA Revise 
- [x] Leetcode problem
- [ ] Read Tech Blogs 
- [x] Project
- [ ] Placement Prep
- [x] Book Reading
- [x] Learn something new

---

## 📚 What I Studied Today
- DBMS Topic : [[06 - 3 Schema Architecture]] [[07 - Data Independence]] [[08.2 - Candidate Key]] [[08 - Integrity Constraints]] [[09 - Primary Key]]

---

## 💡 Doubts / Questions
- Why are we creating so many interfaces in clean architecture ?
- Understand clean architecture better 

---

## 🧠 Key Insights / Takeaways
-> The main goal of '3 schema architecture' is to gain data independence where the user will not directly interact with the database ensuring data independence. There are 3 levels first view level (external schema) where user interact with data eg : Student with  student data, Teacher with teacher data, then second level is conceptual schema - logic level where it defines the tables , rows , views that will be displayed to the external schema they both interact with each other and third and last is physical level - physical schema where the database is actually stored it interacts with conceptual schema.
-> There are 4 types of constraints 
	1. Domain Constraints which are rules for the data type and range of the attribute..
	2. Entity Integrity Constraints which states that there should be primary key present in the table.
	3. Referential Integrity Constraints which is concerned with foreign key.
	4. Key Constraint states that there should be an unique key present (i.e candidate key).
-> Candidate key is set of unique attributes there are collection of candidate key which is called candidate key set from which primary key is selected.
-> Primary key = unique + not null

---
## 💬 Reflections / Journal
- Felt focused / distracted?
	-> distracted
- What slowed me down?
	-> thinking and anxiety
- What will I improve tomorrow?
 	-> energy
---
Tomorrow: 
1. Time space and complexity revisit re learn do everything
2. merge sort in place
3. postgreSql